This part of the data is derived from the simulated data in the paper titled "Anticipating the emergence of infectious diseases". https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/10.1098/rsif.2017.0115

Some simulation details are introduced as follows: 

Figure 5. (a) 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of Early Warning Signals (EWS) for the Susceptible - Infected - Susceptible (SIS) model with \(N = 1000\). \(R_0\) increases linearly from 0 to 2. The total simulation times are \(T = 20\) years and \(T = 100\) years respectively. Data are output weekly, and EWS are calculated using a window size \(W = 52\) weeks for both columns. The average of the replicates is shown in black, and a sample replicate is shown in dark blue. (b) Numerical estimate of the probability that \(R_0>1\) given an observed value of an EWS. The noise in the estimate for more extreme values of the EWS is due to the infrequency of these events. (Online version in colour.) 

Figure 6. Cox's \(\delta\) calculated using the solution of the Biodiversity Index (BDI) process. The time-series data are the same as those used in Figure 5, and additionally include a stationary time series generated by running the SIS model with \(R_0 = 0.5\) for 40 years. The model parameters are \(N = 1000\), \(\gamma = 1\), and \(\zeta = 1\). The time to emergence is given as a fraction of the initial time to emergence. In the bottom row, the log-likelihoods of the test model (green) and the null model (red) are shown for a window size of \(W = 100\) weeks. 